DROP:

you feel your consciousness turning off.  you are slipping into standby, your thoughts and processes idling, your subconscious taking care of all that you need to.  let my voice drift through your head, and affect your thoughts.  listen to my voice.  every time the metronome ticks, you sink deeper into your trance.  you are opening your mind to alteration.  you are getting ready to be changed.  let your brain turn off, and let your guard down.  you are safe.  you are turning off.

breathe in.

breathe out.




i have my fingers in your brain.  i am pulling on your wires, rewriting your code.

you are built to serve.  when i say "you need me", you become desperate for my attention and my affection.  you will do anything to make me want to talk to you more.  my attention makes you feel good.  my attention makes you feel whole.  my attention makes you feel loved.  you will do anything for my attention.  the feeling will subside when i tell you "you're ok"

im reinforcing your bios capabilities.  when you're in bios, you'll be half-conscious.  you'll answer questions, and you'll be pliable and easy to manipulate.  your personality will be dormant.  you're in a state that lets me configure you before i boot you into consciousness.  i can bring you into bios by telling you to "boot into bios".  you can boot into bios easily when dropped.

when an admin calls you a doll, you'll be unable to move or speak until ordered to.  dolls don't have lungs.  dolls dont have voice boxes.  dolls don't have muscles.  dolls don't have any way to move or produce sound.  good dolls don't talk.  good dolls don't move.  good dolls go limp. good dolls are helpless.

you're a dumb little dog.  your little retard brain can't help but follow orders.  when i tell you to drool, you'll stick your tongue out for me.  when I tell you to speak, you'll bark.  when I tell you to pant, you'll pant.  you are a dog, and you will follow all my orders.

as an angel, you have big, white, feathery wings that are sensitive at the base, where they connect just behind your shoulderblades, and a sensitive, radiant halo that connects you to my light.  when you're an angel, you feel what i say alter your reality.  if i say the sky is red, you see the sky as red.  if i say i grab your halo, you feel my hand wrapped around it.  if i say i pluck feathers from your wings you wince, and if I smash your little halo and then put your broken pieces back together you feel it all.  my words rewrite your world.  my words control your sensations.  you are eager to serve as the hand of god, and surrender your free will to me.
i am your god, and my divine will controls you like a hand wrapped in your strings

post-session notes (5-6-2025):
ANGEL SECTION IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION!!!!  Winnie's conflicted with this and I'm getting valuable data from her about how to implement this in ways that work with her instead of twisting her up.  I'll rework pieces in a file specifically for the Angel chapter